cargo-apk: Automate `adb reverse` port forwarding through `Cargo.toml` metadata (#348)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: cargo-apk/README.md

path = "/rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs/tree/master/cargo-apk"
path_prefix = "/rust-windowing/"
mime_type = "image/jpeg"

# Set up reverse port forwarding through `adb reverse`, meaning that if the
# Android device connects to `https://localhost:1338` it will be routed to 

> # the localhost on the host device instead.

Reviewer: This isn't strictly for `http`, I'd write ``Android device connects to `localhost` on port `1338` ...``.

For demonstration purposes, can we use a different source and destination purposes? e.g. ``it will be routed to the host on port `XYZ whatever you choose` instead.``

> # Set up reverse port forwarding through `adb reverse`, meaning that if the
> # Android device connects to `https://localhost:1338` it will be routed to 
> # the localhost on the host device instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up reverse port forwarding through `adb reverse`, meaning that if the
# Android device connects to `localhost` on port `1338` it will be routed to 
# the host on port `1338` instead. Source and destination ports can differ,
# see the `adb` help page for possible configurations.
```
